[ngerant aowkoawkoawk]

When I have an urge to cry, I always remind myself to look at the mirror. I am poor and and I don't have a mirror, so I just use my smartphone. I look at my camera, even with this beauty effect, I am still ugly. Ugly people don't deserve to cry. My self always looks funny. The ugly is not only in my face, everything about me is disgusting. So I hold myself to cry. 

Human relationship is futile.

I can't pretend that I don't want  to kill myself. The spontaneous act from me, I never thought about it, and somehow suddenly it's acted. Like I don't even know why I am doing that. The problem is not the spontaneous act, the problem is my brain think that as something inapproriaate. People have brain, I knew no one remember what I did, but the stupid brain of mine somehow can remember a lot of disgusting acts from others. And I consider everyone is just like me, very sensitive, unstable, analyzing and remembering everything well, even the most useless thing that happend in the world.

I knew I'm not that overpower as what I imagine can remember all the worst things happen in the world. But it turns out I am a religious person. Religios person must accept that there is someone bigger than us. And what would you expect if you can see everything, the most disgusting things happened in this world everyday. Not only in this world, but the omnipotent knows everything. What is the right pronounciation for the overpower matter? 

I don't know, my mind is fucked up. I can't contol this. I want to die. Please god, I want to die fastly in a khusnul hotimah way. I am useless. I don't have anything because I have everything that I need. I just want to kill you, I want to fuck you, a piece of shit insensitive prick. Just because you know everything, you act nothing. And I knew that yesterday I got something good. I eat healthy food with a good environment, I knew it. You might think that I am a greed that I want more. yes I want more, but it's not what you think about what I wanted. I just want to know, I just want to know whether you are real or not. I don't need a pricey thing, I don't need car, home, food, I just want to know. Or maybe that is the most expensive things. Only to know? so that you're hiding everything in your shit secret warehouse.

Ah fuck, guess I greed. Alright I am now grateful. I accept everything. I born again. And I still want to kill myself again

---
Always forgot about this, but this 'young contrarian..' book thing from an atheist dissilutionizing me that whatever your condition is, you need a t least add a humour to that condition. I aware of this things actually, from the ted talk about 'humor' I forgot which episode, and from one flew over cuckoo nest that said like this, 

"man when you lose your laugh you lose in life."

I hope that my previos writting has a component of humor. Well if it is not funny, just consider that as a bad joke, and please don't take my words seriously. Sometimes I just write and don't care about the impact. That is all about journaling thought. Sometimes I use my record app from phone, but now I'm just too shy because it's not raining outside. When it is not raining, all your neighbor can hear your voice, your talk to yourself and they migh think you as a crazy and lonely man. Even though I know, that my act isolating myself is made them know that I am a miserable person. But sometimes my mind just make a solution to the problem that doesn't exist. 

---
What I want to talk primarily is about this longing for love. I read 'love book' from fahruddin faiz and I think that it is not really a good one. I prefer to listening about him rather than read. I feel like it's too elementer. I don't know whether the book is bad or my mind just wondering and can't focus to that book. But seriously, I really feel like that there's something struck my head that it is making me hard to focus on something.

When I was a junior high school, I ask my friend who is the girl she likes in class. And he answered no one. I think he is lying, because since elementary school, I always have a girl that I like. And after I tried to date for only about 3 girls, I realize that my friend is right. That there are a few persons which unfortunate to feel about that thing. I don't know maybe there's another factor like from the entertainment from movies, etc etc that makes me lose the ability to have an interested in relationship, becuase I feel like at that time that it is very boring. Nothing satisfied me except words and imaginations. 

And I thought I can be an asexual, but it turns out that I am just an incel. I tried as hard as I can to be lord varys, an 'eunuch' that doesn't have a desire towards sexuality. But I think we need to make a difference between sex and love, I just don't know and don't care. It doesn't work, for me until now. I never an idealism that can keep forever. Always synthesize by new knowledge, new experience, until I don't aware that I already don't have an idealism. Or maybe that I tried to built an idealism, and the process of building that thing is somehow improved by new experience and knowledge I got from a lot of things. 

Pandemic is the peak of all my thoughts. It's freeing me from meet with people. Making me dull in a lot of skills. But it turns out I can still functional in college, I don't know how. I surpress my feeling of attraction, I try to keep myself focus to something bigger. But then, the feeling of enjoyment to talk to someone is alreay crush my ideal that I have been trying to built.

Somehow I am longing that love again. the feeling to talk to someone. Or I don't care whether it is about someone or not, I just need to fulfill that I need to be understood, I need to exist in someone's mind, whether it's the false projection of me or not, I dont'care. I just want to try to make people see me as I want to be seen. 

And the first thing you can do about it is by surfing on the internet, especially places like reddit, twitter, etc etc.

But I will keep to myself from now, the most curcial things from now is the real life. 

I talk a light topics about life and she's beautiful. It's already make me hate about myself. 

She always comes to my mind. I try to rationalizing this, but I can't. It disturbing me whenever I want write my useless thesis. 

I know it is not realistic that she want me as much as I want her. But I want to try. This loser trying to find some love. I need to be rejected to focus more on something destined for me. But what is it exactly? I don't know man, it's full of bias. And maybe I have an overexpectation about her, and then I will gonna be disappointed. But I don't care, there's always a way to the next. To hell with my expectation and her expectation. The problem is she's beautiful and I need to tell her that I can't stop thinking about her. And to minimizing risk, I will tell her, thingking bout her is not a romantic thing. It's somehow intelligent, that I want to curse her, I want to gather data and information, the exploration of the strong of the weak ties, maybe I can try to offer her something. And I can rebuild myself to be better, I don't know. For now I just want to tell her, why she's always beautiful, and it is disturbing me. 

